In that model, the intentions
and tasks related to booking and securing reimbursement
for a trip by a research student are modeled. Here we consider a more elaborate case of reimbursement. Specifically,
the researcher in question is assumed to have a last-minute
opportunity to attend a research meeting. The researcher contemplates whether attending that meeting is worth the time
and effort to travel there and decides that she would go only
if she secures a reimbursement for that. However, given that
this is last-minute, she should first book the tickets and then
apply for the authorization needed for the reimbursement.
Such authorization is not certain. She applies for it by filling a form and also adding a short research proposal and then
submits it to either a committee or the head of the department,
who operate on different budgets. Applying through the committee is, in some cases, more likely to lead to an approval but
takes more time. Specifically, if the application is filled using
a paper form, it is reviewed by a different, more lenient subcommittee, compared to when it is filled online. That option
is better than letting the head of the department approve it,
as the latter manages a smaller budget but still receives many
requests. On the other hand, having the entire committee
know the actor’s research endeavors may be uncomfortable
to the researcher.
In the model, goals (e.g., ‘Tickets Booked’), that is, states
of affairs desired by actors (represented using circular elements, e.g., ‘Researcher’), are modeled through oval-shaped
elements and recursively refined into subgoals and eventually tasks. The latter, depicted through hexagon-shaped
elements represent actions that an actor wants to be executed to achieve the goals as per the refinement structure,
such as ‘Book Refundable Tickets’ in the figure. The cloudshaped elements are qualities (also: quality goals, we use the
two terms interchangeably), i.e., attributes for which an actor
desires some level of achievement. 
